-- How can i get motivation to learn/work in your life

Hello everyone! 
Today is a long day, i do some stupid thing so i lost a lot of time and effort. But don't worry, I'm Okay. So now, come back to my homework video.

Nowadays, English is the most important languages in the world, if you can speak english fluently, you can find a good job with a high salary. Therefore, you need to study hard and to be good at english to have a bright future. 

I know that learning English is not easy. It will take a lot of effort, money and time. But do not give up. Let find some motivation to help you pass this. And now, I will help you and give you some advice. Something I know, something I search on the internet. Okay, Let get started.

1. The first thing you need to get motivation is to have a goal. For me, I want to become a normal man who can speak English fluently . Let imagine on the nearest day in the future. You can talk with a foreigner in English fluently. Wao! That so amazing. You are the best. Your friends look at you and will be surprised. and who knows, One day you can work outside of VietNam, For example in Singapore or you will get married with a pretty girl who has Blue eyes.

2. You need a teammate who stands by your side anytime, anywhere. Study english together, share with you what they know and help you whenever you have trouble. Sometime You may become depressed, even feel hopeless, But don't worry. Your friend will help you. One tree is nothing but three trees can make a forest. 


3. You need study from the smallest thing and you will reach a big goal. Don't worry if you speak poor english. Don't be afraid of making mistake. Just try to speak. Speak english as much as possible. And remember, Practice make perfect. Speak english everyday and you'll improve.
4. Just do it and start studying now. 


5. Never care about how poorly or how well you speak. Never care about what other people thing. Only care about catching the chances to speak. Other people never care who you are, so don't waste time to think about it . Study for yourself. 


There are a lot of terrible things in the world.

























