Social Network


Hello my friends! Welcome to my video. Welcome to 21th century.
Today, I'm so happy to be here to tell you about social network.
What is the Social Network?
Social Network is a dedicated website or other application that enables people to communicate with each other by using the internet.
For example, Have you ever use Facebook, Google or Youtube.. ? That is social network.

I will tell you something about the advantages and disadvantages of social network 
Social network is the best way to communicate with everybody around the world. You can easy to talk, share, express your opinion because social network is easy to connect and share for people. 
Social network can help you update news information, study new thing very fast and convenient.
It also helps you discover many things important that other media can not do. 
In addition, many kinds of social network is easy to use so everyone can use it, especially teenagers. 
The biggest benefit of social network is that it can help you connect people together, even those we lost contact with a long time ago. 
Beside, social network is a great environment for someone who want to do business. They can advertise their product to people by Facebook, Google or Youtube. Don't need to go out and they still sell their products. Its called Business through social networks. 
Moreover, social network can help you relax. Whenever you fell sad, stress. Just find and watch some video on Youtube, some picture on Facebook... I'm sure that its can make you better. 
Social Network have a lot of advantages. Its very useful. But If you don't use it effectively it can harm yourself so much. Some people use social network so much. They wasted time on it. They addicted social network and they dependent on it. They don't want to go out, dont want to connect with other people in real life. Stay up late and get up late, your health will be bad, your eyes will be black like a Panda. And when you using social network, you can face to the risk of stolen information. So careful when visit a website or when you click in a link. 




