Time management /ˈmænɪdʒmənt/

Hello my friends. Thanks for watching my homework video. in this video i will talk about Time management. 

So, what is the Time management /ˈmænɪdʒmənt/? 
“Time management” is the process of organizing and planning how to divide your time between specific activities. Good time management enables you to work smarter – not harder – so that you get more done in less time, even when time is tight and pressures /preSHər/ are high. Failing to manage /'mænidʤ/ your time damages /ˈdæmɪdʒ/ your effectiveness and causes stress.
Everyone get same 24 hours a day, why many people achieve so much more work with their time than others? Because they know how to manage their time and work effectively /i'fektivli/. 

So how to manage your time effectively?
I think when we are studying in university, we need to manage /'mænidʤ/ your time by Spend some minutes before you go to sleep to make to-do lists for the next day and check what did you do in the end of the day. 

Divide your work by priority /prīˈôrətē/ level and estimates time for each tasks. Chose something big and something small. You will have a lot of thing to do. A busy life is more interesting than a peaceful and boring life =))
I think its very good for you. You know, University is very different from high school because you need to study a lot of knowledge. That so terrible if you can't controll your time. Management your time help you avoid wasted time, work effectively and you can spend your time to study a lot of new things. But one thing inportant, do not forget to take 6-7 hours of sleep each day.
Next, i think you should find some of your habit which you think it is bad habit and try to break it. And do more good habit.

Setting Goals and Objectives. Working without target as you go out and do not know where you go. 

Setting Deadlines. Set deadline for yourself and try hard to complete task ahead /əˈhed/ of the deadlines.
Finally, Remember take care for your health, eat healthy food, do exercise and take proper rest!






